https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/205 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x00-shell_basics
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/207 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x01-shell_permissions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/208 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x02-shell_redirections
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/209 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x03-shell_variables_expansions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/251 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/255 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x05-processes_and_signals
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/78 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x06-regular_expressions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/259 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x07-networking_basics
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/302 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x09-web_infrastructure_design
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/292 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0A-configuration_management
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/244 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0B-ssh
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/266 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0C-web_server
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/265 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0D-web_stack_debugging_0
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/271 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0E-web_stack_debugging_1
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/275 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0F-load_balancer
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/276 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x10-https_ssl
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/287 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x12-web_stack_debugging_2
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/284 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x13-firewall
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/212 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x00-hello_world
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/213 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x01-variables_if_else_while
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/214 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x02-functions_nested_loops
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/539 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x03-debugging
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/215 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x04-more_functions_nested_loops
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/216 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/217 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x06-pointers_arrays_strings
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/218 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x07-pointers_arrays_strings
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/219 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x08-recursion
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/220 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x09-static_libraries
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/221 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0A-argc_argv
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/222 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0B-malloc_free
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/223 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0C-more_malloc_free
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/224 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0D-preprocessor
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/225 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0E-structures_typedef
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/226 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0F-function_pointers
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/227 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x10-variadic_functions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/229 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x12-singly_linked_lists
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/230 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/232 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x14-bit_manipulation
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/234 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x15-file_io
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/240 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x17-doubly_linked_lists
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/242 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x18-dynamic_libraries
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/253 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1A-hash_tables
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/273 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1C-makefiles
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/295 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1E-search_algorithms
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/231 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x00-python-hello_world
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/233 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/239 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x02-python-import_modules
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/241 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x03-python-data_structures
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/243 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x04-python-more_data_structures
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/245 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x05-python-exceptions
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/247 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x06-python-classes
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/246 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x07-python-test_driven_development
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/250 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x08-python-more_classes
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/252 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x09-python-everything_is_object
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/254 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0A-python-inheritance
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/260 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0B-python-input_output
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/331 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0C-python-almost_a_circle
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/272 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0D-SQL_introduction
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/283 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/299 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x10-python-network_0
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/300 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x11-python-network_1
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/303 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x12-javascript-warm_up
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/304 holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x13-javascript_objects_scopes_closures
